[Music]
imagine losing your wallet and being
completely alone in a city you've never
been to and don't speak the language of
with absolutely no support from anyone
you know well a couple of months ago we
decided to put ourselves in that
situation which can be quite common for
backpackers and solar travelers and see
how well we'd cope with it a challenge
was for Manta to survive alone for 24
hours in Finland while finding food and
shelter solely by relying on the
kindness and spontaneity of strangers
and this time in Paris
it's a Mars turn but with no surprise to
us
Ammar managed to find himself in the
wildest and most random series of events
he could have possibly encountered in
Paris that day thank you thank you see
you in 24 hours really excited and
terrified because the hi in Paris right
now is six degrees and below is negative
two so I may be pretty cold night and
hopefully I don't end up in a metro
station Thomas's mom is kind enough to
give me a ride to the Metro because it's
about 40 minute walk and then the
challenge starts officially there who do
you ever do that you have kids outside
good thing my mom doesn't know about
this so the funny thing is that when
Matt did this in Helsinki it was snowing
but it was 2 degrees but tonight is
gonna drop to minus 2 I were in Paris
let's see who's who's kinda
Scandinavians are Parisians good luck if
you are indeed de-stress you will come
back and you do it again I won't be in
this dress I am I'm confident that
I decided to start my day right and
center fairs right in front of that
photography it is absolutely freezing
and there's no food of my body so I
could get even more cold so let's see if
someone is kind enough to buy me
hey man how are you know okay well first
response I get in Paris no no should i
target tourists should I tell you
Parisians that is the question even how
are you
you speak English it off no one is
proposing should I go out for breakfast
or what
Challenge right now so my friends this
morning put my wallet away okay and I'm
supposed to just find places to stay for
it to eat nice friends to make it would
you buy me a cracker and that would be
my first meal of the day I serious yeah
now [ __ ] great man thank you that's very
kind of you
yeah let's eat together I know the first
person say yes oh yeah thank you thank
you dude
Oh Cheers this is probably that the best
view I'll ever have eating a cap
favorite breakfast of all time all right
the weather is pretty unbearable outside
video indeed this comfort beyond your
own sex I'm taking shelter in the hotel
lobby right now it's really cold outside
that I just couldn't walk anymore with
frozen hands even though I'm wearing
gloves and being kisi right now next
mission fine lunch and then fine dinner
and then find a place to stay and then
find new friends wow it's a lot to do
the worst they've to do this but the
whole point to do it was so tired gonna
pull up in there
so as I was walking around Paris I got a
message of Instagram from some of my
favorite creators on YouTube they're
called wildly Rome and they're in Paris
so I get to meet them for the first time
right now a lot of challenge I'm filming
we had this morning they took away my
wallet I have to survive I spent four
hours 24 even with the gloves it doesn't
work you need a jacket yeah I know I
just I can no longer be outside
thankfully these guys ordered tea so I'm
able to be inside right now and I've
been swiping on tinder but absolutely no
Instagram I hit up one girl that I
matched with that was a response just
make you fire me I guess to go back
that nope I'm staying with you guys
forever all right it's actually work I'm
sad Tori on tinder he just offered Oh
is this a way to make sure I take you to
dinner tonight I'm peg I think we can
get it let's let's give this a try if
you want sneaking up for dinner then
that will save me from freezing to death
happen sighs it stopped raining there
seems to be a promising solution in case
I completely get stuck clearly there's
an english-speaking bookstore in Paris
called Shakespeare & Co and if you were
there for two hours they allow you to
spend the night let's see if it actually
works the security guard is already
waving at me to put the camera down so
I'll give you an update once they come
up Thank You Man all right so apparently
it is true they do that sometimes but
they don't have any room right now and I
still have to figure out a place to stay
then there hasn't been much of a success
today I tried my luck and didn't really
work this doesn't work well enough
there's kabob everywhere kebab never
looked more delicious do you guys speak
English
how down would you be to get me dinner
nubs out okay fair enough big reason you
get people to say yes is by having like
a very positive high-energy and at this
point it's really hard to like to
maintain that so it's almost I don't
have any more energy to even explain why
I'm doing this I'm on a 24 hour
challenge to survive being in Paris
without my wallet would you be down to
get me a give me a sandwich Wow look at
that
hi how are you do you think I can have a
free sandwich not at all alright thank
you guys I'm sure one of them will say
hey how are you I'm good is there any
way I can have a free sandwich no looks
so good this is so out of left field I'm
gonna walk into an Aston effect estate
then I for free you never know one well
how are you I'm guess it's probably the
weirdest requests you have ever gone my
friends challenge me to survive in Paris
without my wallet and now all what I'm
missing is the place to stay the place
to stay I'm full tonight yeah well thank
you sorry no worries but just good luck
but you will need it really
I heard even more oh really you really
think I could come back and tell you
okay I wonder here at the Santa positive
attitude about it so come on it's
challenge right now okay for 24 hours to
survive the city of Paris without my
wall if there's any way you can you can
be that stranger that's kind enough to
pay for my dinner I'd really appreciate
if not no no hard to get student on a
tight budget yeah all good I was there
on there it's all good you have an extra
couch for are you able to get me dinner
if no no hard feelings I completely
understand we're doing right now do you
think you can have free dinner here do
you think you can have free dinner yeah
I know it sounds crazy but yes I know
but I don't know I know thank you in
actually they came back they came back
we're going to party tonight okay you
want to have dinner with us yeah okay
okay and we're going to a party after
yeah Wow a party and dinner not just
there guys at the bar we're gonna be
best friends after that make perfume no
way we do know we're eating too also
where we make perfume this is so cool
buddy are you three best friends who
make perfuse together now we're gonna go
have dinners together
you guys made my night I was so tired
like I was just about to give up your
friend guy so why not it's also exciting
that you there wasn't no and then it was
like yes afternoon yeah yeah we thought
about it we said
[Music]
the more Parisian Street than this one
it's really alright we are here by let
lets you company oh look at that we're
gonna take the iterator to get on the
elevator here we go
Violette headquarters let's go this is
the best failing apartment I've ever
been to
Wow we are creating used new things new
fragrances your ways to make perfume
probably sweaty and smelly from all the
walking so wow I love this
oh my god I raised the holy all right we
are heading to grab pizza I am so hungry
you want to eat snails I've never had it
oh my god it's just such a French
experience I'm not I don't even like
sales when it shows a French bottle of
wine you have to go for the red because
it means that the producer made it from
the castle where they made it so go for
the Rhineland Thank You Man you're
welcome Cheers
see if we can free your snails for you
three look at that snail here's the
thumbs up we're gonna get oh wow how do
you have you eat it so this is this now
yeah what I'm gonna do for me my Red
Bull and your wine first real meal of
the day pretty much everything is print
from the table we said no like like real
Persian yeah of course not yes let's do
it
you see what you David you support it
cushion you know where you wake up but
you don't know where you're going to
sleep that's your motive actually and I
never met somebody like this so this is
the first channel I will ever subscribe
to I have been on YouTube for like nine
years I watch it all YouTube twice yeah
the first time of my life I will
subscribe to a channel so in French we
said seven is so I will thank you
alright we're heading out to a party
right now master so here here and one of
the reasons
and now your hope you should smell like
friends bye guys alright I guess we're
ready to go right right into go all
right and then to the part is a camera
but do we show everybody
[Music]
[Applause]
what a great bag I am so happy this is
the friendship right now yeah this is
friendship you know like when I go to a
place it's all but the way I get to the
people is always the most interesting
part of the always always oh my god
[Music]
47:25 thank you boys 24 hours now the
streets thank you agreed to bring back
puzzle oh I have not communicated with
the guys for the past 25 hours and a
half so I'm gonna give Matt to call you
nobody I made a dude oh yeah I had like
one of your wildest adventures like I've
just
thank you guys so much for watching and
thanks the skill share for supporting us
and sponsoring videos like this one
every time we partner up with skill
share you guys always come back with so
much stuff for the product and good
feedback on well use it for so we
decided to partner up with them again
for the month of February the first
thousand people to click on the link in
the description of sign up for their
service will get a two months for only
99 cents whatever skill it is that you
want to learn whether it's photography
whether it's video editing whether it's
entrepreneurship or even cooking they
have over 18,000 classes taught by some
of the best in the world so if you want
to be better at something or completely
grow a new skill and skill sherry is
where you should go right after watching
this video click on the link in
description and sign up to be one of the
first thousand spots all right Cheers
[Music]